Improve README accuracy and links (#315)
ultralytics/docs: README.md

- **[GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com/)** - Hosting and deployment
- **[GitHub Actions](https://github.com/features/actions)** - CI/CD automation

## 🔧 Repository Tooling

This repository contains selected documentation Markdown plus maintenance workflows for downloaded website checks, domain checks, and sitemap submissions. Install the lightweight Python dependencies before running repository utilities locally:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

For example, `utils/check_image_sizes.py` is used by the website link-check workflow to flag oversized images in downloaded pages.

## 🌍 Website Checks

The live documentation at [docs.ultralytics.com](https://docs.ultralytics.com/) is maintained with scheduled and manual workflows in `.github/workflows/`:

- `links.yml` downloads rendered pages for `www.ultralytics.com`, `docs.ultralytics.com`, and `handbook.ultralytics.com`, then checks links, spelling, and large images.

> - `links_local.yml` runs similar checks against repository files.

Reviewer: 📝 **LOW**: `links_local.yml` doesn't actually mirror the rendered-site checks from `links.yml`: on push/PR it only runs Lychee against repository Markdown/HTML, and spelling/image-size checks are not part of this workflow. Describing it as running "similar checks" overstates the local validation coverage and can mislead contributors who are trying to reproduce the website checks from the README.

**Suggested change:**
```suggestion
- `links_local.yml` checks repository Markdown and HTML links, with an optional broader link scan on manual runs.
```

Author: Addressed by using the suggested wording: links_local.yml is now described as checking repository Markdown/HTML links, with an optional broader manual link scan.
